# RunTimeTerror

<h1> Description of Game: </h1>
Our project’s name is Jumpman Plumber and is similar to the original Super Mario Bros game. However, we are designing the game a little differently. In our game, there is one character that represents the user (white rectangle) while playing. The game will begin with the character resting on the floor. To get the character to move, you will use the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard. The goal of the game is for the character to stay alive and not die before reaching the end of the game. However, there will be obstacles throughout the game that you (the player) will have to avoid in order to win. These obstacles consist of platforming, jumping, enemy avoidance, and things of that nature. 

The game is written in Java and has been unit tested using JUnit. When playing, you will utilize the left, right, and "x" keys to navigate to the top of the game. In our case, the "x" key is used for jumping. As you move the character throughout the game, the player will face new obstacles. If the player does not make it past an obstacle, he or she will die and the game will end. However, if the player makes it all the way to the end of the game, they win.



<h1> How to Play: </h1>

**1st:** Click the green start button in IntelliJ to begin the game

**2nd:** Move the white rectangle (the character) left and right using the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard

**3rd:** Learn to jump by pressing the "x" key on your keyboard. Note that if you press "x" at the same time as the arrow keys, you will launch forwards or backwards.

**4th:** Avoid the obstacles being generated by jumping on the rectangle floors or jumping over the obstacles when they get near you. 
